Song Ge Song Ge
No one has run
Go to the pharmacy for counterfeit products
Everything is planned. Hmm.
Su Xun Su Xun
Chen Huo, why are you so stupid?
Why did you rob me?
think
because
Because I owe you
Why are you okay?
Poisoned by myself
Even if you don't die
It's impossible to come alive so soon
I'm a detective
All poisons are invulnerable
I survived the tongue Zen layer and the corpse poison
You want my life with this poison
How do you know there are spies in counterfeit products?
Security in counterfeit products
Xiao Ming wanted to come in and steal rice just by himself
It's absolutely impossible.
So a mole
Is essential
Besides, after Xiao Mingjia died
Need someone to feed him medicine
So I concluded
The mole is already hiding in the mountains
Even so
How did you know I would definitely escape here?
Did you install manpower in advance?
It must be sorcery
Hahahaha
Come on, you're so silly.
I just said that the mountain arrested people
I mean for you
You are worried that Xiao Ming will confess you after being caught
So kill me
Then kill me to make sure nothing goes wrong
Poison
And this pharmacy is the only place that has medicine
So you will definitely come
Where is Xiao Ming?
Or I'll kill you
Hmph, am I afraid of death?
Then I'll choke you
Hey, wait, wait, I recruit, I recruit, I recruit